What is currently working
-------------------------
Alfred takes the links from the Link Parser and converts them to nicer predicates so that nothing else has to rely directly on the Link Parser links. (It only takes a few links for simple phrases)
The domains (Trains and Planes) are now using the nice predicates from Alfred instead of directly relying on Link Parser links.
There is a linguistic and domain file for trains that are loaded and used to find a connection when a command comes in. However they aren't being used to reason about the entire command, just the verb.

Next Steps:
1. Make a file with Link Parser links and corresponding predicates that Alfred can use. This file can be made once and used from now on. It will be a bit tedious, and you don't need to put every link, but you should come up with a list of different sentences that you want to work in Alfred and then use those links and make nice predicates for them. Maybe find a mapping between the POS Penn state tagger and the Link parser links.
2. Change the isa links in the domain and linguistic files to refers links.
3. When a new word is uttered, it knows that it doesn't know that word, but it needs to use the synonym the user gives it to send the correct command to the domain. Currently it says "I don't know the train Metro. Which train is Metro" And the user says "Metro is Metroliner" And Alfred says "Okay, Metro is Metroliner" But it never send the command "Send Metroliner to Baltimore" It just stops there.
4. When a new word is uttered ("Metro") we need to go through the user utterances and look to see if that user has used that word before. If not, we need to ask about it. (Use the refers links)
5. When a command comes in, Alfred looks in the linguistic file and domain file to make sure that it is a word it knows and that it's a word in the domain file. 
6. The domain commands need to be [d_send, ....] instead of ['send' ...]
7. Need to handle definite descriptions (change the reasoning about command structure and linguistic structure in order to determine that "the Chicago train" is the direct object and further reasoning needs to be done to determine what is meant by "the Chicago train") This is a big one...

Comments on Code Portions for the above steps:
1. You can find the links we've already converted to nice Alfred predicates in addparselink.pl in the src directory. There are a few things being converted now "J" is being converted to prep, and "MvP" is converted to verb, and there are object, direct object and modifiers for all of these things. This will be the file you need to edit once you've made a list of corresponding predicates. You will have to load the file you created in the addparselink.pl file to convert all of the links to predicates for each utterance.
2. In Alfred/domain/trains(planes,universal, or whatever)/KB There are two files acommands, and dcommands where you can add or edit information associated with the domain and with Alfred's knowledge base. The Linguistic links I think are in Alfred/src/linguistics.pl or something like that.
3. All of these things are happening in findintention.pl. You want, if there are errors, to not send the command. I have commented out a lot of the code in that file that was being used with the links. So try to model the new findintention function off of some of the commented code. It's mostly working. We just need the resolution of the synonym in the command previously uttered.
4. When a new word is uttered, that is not a part of the domain file, we need to use the user utterances to see if it is a word the current user typically uses. So we need to change the [equil Metro Metroliner] type of links that we are getting back from the synonym reasoning to something like refers(Beth, Metroliner, Metro). So Beth refers to Metroliner by Metro. You might want to use refers(Beth, d_Metroliner, Metro) so Beth refers to the Metroliner concept in the domain with the word Metro. Or something like that. We already have every utterance and its association with a particular user, so all we have to do is add in this refers when we get a new synonym.
5. Alfred needs to perform reasoning on inputs in both the linguistic and domain files at the same time. Currently it's just using the domain file. Which is fine if it doesn't know a word, and then we need to add it to Alfred's KB saying that Metroliner is a train and trains domain uses it likes this... But reasoning needs to be done both with domain and linguistic knowledge for each utterance.
6. All commands and things need to changed from actual lexical words to d_send, (domain concept of send). The naming convention needs to be changed on all of these things. There are some things already in the dcommandbase.pl file, but they need to be utilized elsewhere.
7. When we receive an utterance we need to see that the verb send and the command send have a certain type of structure. So if we have extra words we need to realize "the Chicago train" is the direct object and we need to reason about this. You'll have to come up with your favorite representation technique, but as of right now you will get dirobj(train) dirobjmod(Chicago) and so on. So you can see if the direct object has a modifier, and if it does, use it somehow.
